(CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(GRUNTING)
Black Widow.
Black Widow!
Argh, how do you
stand this noise?
(GRUNTING)
What's wrong, Hulk?
I thought music was supposed
to soothe the savage...
You know, you.
I only like music
I can smash to.
Something heavy.
(GRUNTING)
And metal. (GRUNTING)
Came to tell you Iron Man
wants us for some meeting.
(CRUNCHES)
(MUSIC STOPS ABRUPTLY)
Ooh, er, sorry.
It's fine. My workout
was done anyway.
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLES)
THOR: Inhumans.
Secretive superhuman people.
Keepers of the Terrigen Mist.
Terrigen transforms them.
Sometimes,
with monstrous results.
(GROWLING)
Terrigen Mist has
no effect on humans.
And yet somehow it turned
a human kid into Inferno.
Maybe the kid wasn't human?
What if Inferno was really
an Inhuman and didn't know it?
IRON MAN:
If Inferno was Inhuman,
how'd he wind up in
upstate New York?
It doesn't make any sense.
Scary.
Living a normal
human existence,
then in a random moment
it's taken away from
you forever.
Changed into something else.
(SIGHING)
Welcome to my world.
HAWKEYE: You know
what else is weird?
We make all friendly with
Black Bolt and the Inhumans
but since Inferno went
to go live with them,
we haven't heard a thing.
HAWKEYE: And right on cue.
(BARKING)
(GROANING)
Lockjaw? What happened?
(MOANING)
Uh-oh.
HAWKEYE: Oh.
Since I can't ask the dog,
anybody know where
he teleported us to?
Aye, Hawkeye. This appears
to be the Inhuman homeland.
Attilan.
(GROWLING)
Uh, hey, guys.
The welcoming
committee is here.
(WHIRRING)
(CLINKING)
FALCON: And they don't
look happy to see us.
(THEME MUSIC PLAYS)
FALCON: So, this is
what Attilan is like.
It's not what I pictured.
It's still nice though.
Other than the killer robots.
Avengers, hit 'em
up the middle!
(GRUNTING)
(CRACKLING)
Huh?
(WHIRRING)
(GRUNTING)
Is this really Inhuman tech?
The design looks familiar.
HULK: Who cares?
Just keep smashing!
There are too many of them!
FALCON:
We're gonna be overrun!
Captain America.
His Royal Highness Black Bolt
beckons you Avengers to
retreat into the palace.
You heard The Seeker.
Fall back!
Okay, Black Bolt, tell us
what's happening here.
Without actually telling us
THE SEEKER: These robots,
since taking over Attilan,
they've hunted and captured
Inhumans.
Including the new citizen
Inferno and nearly all
of the royal family.
Thus, Black Bolt sent
Lockjaw for you.
No one else is left to defend
Attilan from the robots
and their ruthless leader.
CAPTAIN AMERICA: Ultron!
The Avengers.
Your presence here
is unexpected.
And ultimately insignificant.
IRON MAN: Ultron is
back in one piece.
Let's remedy that.
Bravado in the face of
certain annihilation.
The Inhumans felt
the same way.
Before I conquered them.
(GRUNTING)
(GROANS)
(YELLING)
Such chaos and disorder.
Is there any question
why you must be eliminated...
Whoa!
It feels like this every time
we tangle with Ultron,
but he's even more
kick-butt than the last time.
Lockjaw, teleport
us away, now.
(GROANING)
(YELLING)
Where did they...
Huh?
HULK: Just when the
fight was getting good.
FALCON: Hulk, you think
all fights are good.
What is this place?
A secret lab built in
the ancient catacombs
beneath Attilan.
It has served as a
safe base of operations
in our struggles against
Ultron and his robots.
IRON MAN: Ultron doesn't do
anything without a reason.
So, what is it he wants
with the Inhumans?
Where's he going?
Hmm?
FALCON: Maybe Ultron wants
something from Attilan?
A resource or something?
A strategic base?
And it appears we
lost our interpreter.
BLACK WIDOW:
Nice setup you have here.
Ultron seizing Attilan
has slowed my research,
but I have still managed
a breakthrough.
My experiments have revealed
conclusively that Inferno
was actually a latent Inhuman.
And he didn't know?
How is that possible?
Humans and Inhumans must have
lived together in the past.
Their descendants
possess Inhuman DNA.
Descendants like Inferno.
Who knows how many of my
kind are living among humans
and don't even know
that they're one of us.
Imagine if the Terrigen
accident that created
Inferno had been bigger...
That is one big crystal
of Terrigen Mist.
This is only a prototype
but a device like this
could awaken a new
generation of Inhumans
with unimaginable powers.
You can't just expose
people to the Mist.
What if they don't
want powers?
You'd be making the
decision for them.
Yeah, but then again,
we don't always get
to choose our destiny.
THE SEEKER: Indeed.
(GROANING)
(GROWLING)
Seeker!
(LAUGHING)
What are you doing?
ULTRON: Exactly...
What he was told.
Something's wrong.
FALCON: Ultron's found us.
(WHIRRING)
(STRAINING)
THE SEEKER: This is only
a small-scale version
of my Terrigen
dispersal device.
Terrigen dispersal?
You want to help
The Seeker find more Inhumans?
I care nothing for Inhumans.
But I needed this device
for my own purposes.
Tricking The Seeker
into designing it for me...
What?
And betraying his own people,
was most simple.
But we had a deal!
And without the crystal,
the device will only...
(SCREAMING)
(CLINKS)
Disappointing.
The prototype merely
phase-shifted The Seeker away.
I'll have to
increase its power.
After I get rid of you.
BLACK WIDOW:
Hulk, can you smash?
(STRUGGLING)
Can't smash the net,
but I can smash the wall.
(GRUNTING)
Huh. You're only delaying
the inevitable.
(GRUNTS)
(YELLS)
Ultron's got some new toys.
And lucky us,
we get to break 'em.
(CRACKLING)
(GRUNTING)
(GROWLING)
(WHIRRING)
(GRUNTING)
(BEEPING)
(SNARLING)
(GROWLING)
Bad dog.
(GROANING)
Lockjaw! Ultron,
when I'm done with you,
you're gonna need a mechanic.
(GRUNTING)
It is more efficient to
destroy you with the rest
of your pathetic species.
(BEEPING)
Huh?
Your actions serve no purpose.
I have your family
and I have your city.
And soon, I will have you.
Temper, temper.
Black Bolt, wait!
Falcon, Hawkeye, with me.
Fire in the hole!
(GRUNTING)
CAPTAIN AMERICA:  Avengers,
comlink signal's weak
but if you can hear me,
use this transmission
to trace my location
and meet up with us.
We're after Ultron. It looks like he's
trying to escape out the bottom of Attilan.
Bottom of Attilan?
Seeker mentioned old tunnels.
We can use them to
make our way down.
(GRUNTING) You go
ahead, I'll catch up.
I wish Black Bolt could
tell us more about what
he's thinking.
He can't talk because his
voice could level a city.
Must be frustrating not
to be able to communicate.
I think what Black Bolt wants
now, is for us to shut up.
HAWKEYE: Oh, how can you tell?
Call it a hunch.
Humans and Inhumans.
So similar.
Your predictability dooms
you both as a species.
Now, just hold still.
(GRUNTING)
Black Bolt, no!
Cover your ears!
(ECHOING)
No more!
(GRUNTING)
BOTH: Black Bolt!
(GROANING)
I'm sorry, did you
say something?
Well, at least now we
know what Black Bolt's
voice sounds like.
And it ain't pleasant.
It's not over yet.
CAPTAIN AMERICA:
The royal family and Inferno.
Everyone... except Black Bolt.
Tony, take Hulk and Widow.
Find Ultron and Black Bolt.
The rest of us will
get the Inhumans out
then catch up.
Inferno.
You never should
have been here.
You should be home
with your family.
He never got a choice.
He didn't ask to
become Inferno.
You didn't ask to become Hulk.
I didn't ask to become
the Black Widow.
Like I said, people don't
always get to choose.
But they should.
No little kid should
have been forced to be
a KGB sleeper agent.
And no little kid
should be forced to be
changed into an Inhuman.
Terrigen or Gamma,
ballerina or superhero.
It don't matter.
It's all on the outside.
Doesn't change who
you are on the inside.
Lockjaw, are you strong
enough to teleport your
family somewhere safe?
(GROWLING)
I'll take that as a yes.
I promise we'll get
Black Bolt back.
(BARKING)
Aww. Ugh!
Ugh, it smells.
(WHIRRING)
It's The Seeker's weapon.
Only Ultron's
built one bigger.
Ultron, let Black Bolt go.
It's us you want.
Don't flatter yourselves.
ULTRON: I want to use
Attilan as my base
to completely wipe humanity
off the face of the earth.
And to use Black Bolt to
power the weapon to do it.
If the pain gets too much,
feel free to speak up,
Your Highness.
In fact, I'm counting on it.
(BOTH GROANING)
Hulk! Widow!
(SCREAMING)
No!
(GRUNTING)
You can't hold me.
You gotta let me go!
(GRUNTING)
You should know by now,
I never let go
of anything.
Natasha, no!
(BOTH GRUNT)
I have you.
Uh, little help?
HAWKEYE: Iron Man
asking for help?
I'm gonna remember this day.
Hold, Black Bolt!
I will free you.
You will do no such thing.
(SCREAMING)
You should have let me go!
But thanks.
(YELLING)
(ECHOING MOAN)
That weapon's gonna
amplify his scream
straight down
into the Earth.
No one could survive a
blast of that magnitude.
HAWKEYE: Okay, new rule...
Silence is golden.
(WHIRRING)
Activate Redwing,
auto-fire!
We have to get Black
Bolt out of that thing
before it fries him.
FALCON: Stop!
Ultron's designed this
with some kind of
pain feedback loop.
The more we mess with it
the more it zaps Black Bolt.
ULTRON: It's over, Avengers.
The weapon cannot be
stopped from firing.
(THOR GRUNTING)
He's right.
(GRUNTING)
BLACK WIDOW: Hulk, with me!
IRON MAN: I have an idea,
but I need everyone
to keep Ultron and his
robots distracted.
Roger that.
One distraction coming up.
Redwing engage!
(GRUNTING)
Do you think a mere flash
arrow will do anything to...
(GRUNTING)
It has to be around
here somewhere.
Argh! Okay, new plan.
There, at this distance
without an amplifier,
his voice won't give Earth
much more than an earache.
ULTRON: You are correct.
(GRUNTING)
Fortunately you have provided
me with a backup amplifier.
Your arc reactor.
Friday, lock outside
audio, now!
(ECHOING MOAN)
(GRUNTING)
(GROANS)
(POWERING DOWN)
You don't need an
interpreter to know he
can't hold out much longer.
(ROARING)
What are you gonna do with
that Terrigen crystal?
Ultron was right.
We can't stop the
weapon from firing
but neither can he.
So, you're changing
Ultron's death ray?
Back into a Terrigen
dispersal device.
For most of Earth,
it'll be harmless.
HULK: The people with any
Inhuman DNA are gonna
suddenly get powers.
What about what you said?
About destiny and choice?
Ultron means to destroy
everyone on Earth.
We're not giving
people a choice,
but we're giving
them a chance.
(GRUNTING)
No! You cannot stop it!
(YELLING)
(GRUNTING)
(ECHOING MOAN)
Everyone, hold on!
(POWERING UP)
THOR: Ultron!
I say thee, nay!
(SCREAMING)
(YELLING)
MAN: Wha... What's going on?
(GROANING)
Huh?
(RUMBLING)
CAPTAIN AMERICA: Get
Black Bolt and Iron Man out.
(GRUNTING)
(RUMBLING)
CAPTAIN AMERICA:
Oh, all right, okay.
All right, easy, buddy.
I think Lockjaw is
saying thanks.
'Tis folly to think we've
seen the last of Ultron.
IRON MAN: No trace of his
energy signature anywhere.
But Ultron has a nasty
habit of surviving.
Now that Attilan's
here on Earth,
Black Bolt and his people are
gonna have to open up more.
Especially if they
want to protect the new
generation of Inhumans.
HULK: You did good.
BLACK WIDOW:
I helped save the world.
I guess I did okay.
'Cause of that Terrigen wave,
a bunch of folks are
gonna have new powers.
Not all of them
are gonna behave.
As long as they're still
the same people inside,
they'll find their way.
Black Widow smash.
(THEME SONG PLAYING)
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org